W-15584230-apig-in-acb-info-bsj (#89)
mulesoft/docs-api-governance-documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/get-started.adoc

= Getting Started with Anypoint API Governance

> After you become familiar with the UI and concepts covered in the xref:index.adoc[Anypoint API Governance Overview], you're ready to get started governing your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you become familiar with the UI and concepts covered in the xref:index.adoc[Anypoint API Governance Overview], you're ready to start governing your APIs.
```

Author: It might be a subtle difference, but it oversimplifies by making it sound like you start immediately. There are quite a few steps. I'll mull it over. I have a bit of deja vu on this one. This isn't new text. :)

** View summary information in the API Governance console and in validation reports.

. xref:find-and-fix-conformance-issues.adoc[Find and fix conformance issues]: 

> * In API specifications in Anypoint Code Builder, Design Center, and Exchange as you design your APIs 

Reviewer: Consider presenting without the replicated "In".

Author: It's the lesser of evils, IMHO. This isn't new text.
